- [Shonna] Test-driven development is a very popular
practice in the software development community
because of the gains in software quality
and shorter software release cycles.
If you're ready to get started learning more
about practicing test-driven development
in the Spring Framework, then this course is for you.
I'm Shonna Smith.
I've been an enterprise software developer
specializing in the Java and Spring ecosystems
for over a decade now.
In this course, I'm going to explain the importance
of practicing test-driven development
using the JUnit test framework
and give you some hands-on practical advice
for applying this skill in a Spring Boot application.
By the end of this course, you will have written test
for some of the major component stereotypes
in a Spring Boot application,
including Spring controllers, services,
and data repository components.
So let's get started.